My question it's along the lines of I've
been I know I have like so many like
feelings and so much expression I can
bring to my work. I'm self-employed
>> but
>> initially I thought the question is how
can I enjoy myself and myself in the
process of creation during work more but
I think it's like how do I bring myself
and my whole expression that really is
there because I feel it's there. How can
I bring this all to the table without
feeling so pressured by
I don't know if it's fear it's the
outcome it's kind of maybe a bit of
money
the yeah just something that comes after
the process that I feel like cannot
disconnect so well and that's stopping
me from really like showing up with all
that I have to bring to the table and I
know everything I do I can do it so much
better with full presence and with like
removing the barriers that clearly are
there but I don't know Oh,
>> how how much of that's happening right
now?
>> A lot.
>> Yeah. So,
>> like literally cry and laugh at you at
the same time because there's so much
>> I know.
>> Yeah.
>> So, so, so it sounds like what's
happening is that some you have a story
that you have to contain
this cry laughter that's always right
there at the edge of your consciousness.
Is that what what I'm hearing?
What what like let's leave your work
aside for just a second because if it's
happening now, it's not just about work.
>> So what's the thing that you feel like
you have to contain to connect with me?
I always try to connect first on a level
like on a on a logical intellectual
level because I need to make sentences
that make sense for everyone.
>> No, you don't.
>> That's not that's you got taught that. I
get it. But that's not how the world
works. Like go check out two
three-year-olds meeting each other and
playing. There's like there no sentences
need to be exchanged.
Most of our communication is non-verbal.
So what but the question is still there.
What's the thing that you feel like you
have to contain to be able to connect
with me?
What's the part of yourself you
disconnect with
so that you can connect with me?
I don't I don't need your thinking. You
just were thinking. I want like I want I
want that from the whole body.
What's the part of yourself that you
have to dis that you tell yourself you
have to disconnect with to to connect
with me?
all emotions because they were not met
or not welcomed or too much or too
little or in the opposite like my father
for example he was like very colleric so
he had like lots of emotions and it kind
of hurt me when I was so I just learned
probably that that old emotions and when
they're too much
>> yeah yeah I can see you holding it back
right now actually like you you have an
idea that you're like emotional
expression is going to be too much for
me.
All without any [__] words right
there, Rebecca.
>> What if I learned that the world
couldn't meet me with my emotions? And
>> the world can't the world can't meet you
with some part of the world can. I I if
there was a woman named Christy Trip
right here right now, I would literally
bring her on and and you all would just
like have a conversation together
without any words and love each other by
the end of like 2 minutes. And she's
like one of the like like pillars of our
community.
You the whole world's not going to be
able to meet you, but a lot of the world
is going to be able to meet you.
Actually, revel in you.
So let that in for a minute. What what
would what would your life look like if
you were actually your full emotional
self and you just saw like there was a
percentage of people who just adored
that
[Music]
>> lighter.
>> Yeah.
She'll have
cuz he takes effort
>> to hold it. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
I was looking at all the faces. I saw it
in you immediately without like no
words.
You were like bursting against your own
rigidity like
>> Yeah. So, let let's do it. Let's just be
together without words for a couple
minutes and see if we can actually
communicate
and just see what it what it is that
we're talking what we're saying to one
another without any words. just with
that full emotional life.
So, what just happened? Look what just
happened. I said, "We're just going to
be with each other in the full emotional
life." And you went to go and
>> what' you do? You went checked on stuff,
made sure all the things were right,
turned off whatever.
>> Yeah.
>> What was really going
>> Yeah. I made like the the the chat
disappear and everything.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah, that's what I did.
[Music]
What would make you want to like push
this gift down?
>> And this gift too, even the tears. Like
what would make you want to push this
down?
Not the old you, not the learned you,
but like the you right now.
fear of
getting backlash or being not understood
or not felt and just not seen in that
way.
>> Every single person here is not
understood and not felt and not seen in
some way somewhere with somebody
But if you don't show up like this, how
are you going to like create a world
that accepts this?
Who treasures it?
Who who adores it?
>> Me. If I if I talk to the people about
Christy Trip and some of them know
Christy Trip and so they'll probably
afterwards like put in the chat, you
know, she'll I'll ask them to just tell
you how much everybody adores Christy
Trip. It's freaking like
I love that woman.
Like why you're get you're taking that
away from people
because this couple people are going to
get angry at you.
I guess it's been a way to keep myself
safe.
>> That's right.
Yeah. From what?
Internally from what? Not externally.
>> From being hurt emotionally probably
>> internally hurting yourself emotionally.
>> Others.
>> Yeah. Check. Find my reaction.
>> How much of it about others or how much
of it is about you trying to avoid your
own self-t talk?
>> Sorry, can you repeat that? Huh?
>> How much of it is about emotionally
being hurt by others, them saying da da
d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d
d or how much is it that you do it and
then you say to yourself, "Oh, you
shouldn't have done that. You shouldn't
have been so big. You shouldn't have
cried. You shouldn't have
Like how much of the abuse that you're
avoiding is internal and how much of it
is external?
>> 80% internal because I feel responsible
for how they feel after I had my
emotional setup.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Great.
Yeah. So, do me a favor. That's the
That's the real thing you learned from
your dad in his caloric state.
Is that the right cleric? I can't
remember. It's the
>> caleric
>> cleric. Yeah. Um
in that state often times pe kids are
learned that they're responsible for
their the emotions of the parent. That's
like a very common thing. So I just want
you to do me a favor and just say I'm
not responsible for how you feel, Joe.
>> I'm not responsible for how you feel,
Joe.
>> Okay. Now say it like with all of you,
not just with like
Yeah. Yeah. Yes. And that, by the way,
Christy Trip does that, too. Christy
Trip does this all the time. She wags
her tail.
>> Yeah. That all of you. I'm not
responsible for how you feel, Joe.
>> I'm not responsible for how you feel.
>> Yeah. Now, to everybody, all whatever
hundreds of people that are on the call,
I'm not responsible for how you all
feel.
>> I'm not responsible for how you all
Yeah.
One more time, but with all of you. Say
it. Say it with all of you again.
>> Don't have to do it right. You just have
to be you doing it.
>> I'm not responsible for how you feel.
>> Yeah.
What a pleasure. Oh, I hope I get to
meet you again.
>> What a pleasure.
>> Thank you so much. Such a pleasure to
meet you, too.
>> Oh my goodness. Yes. Every day I get
dozens of requests from people who ask
me to coach them or to take them on as a
client. And obviously I can't do that
with everybody, but that's why we
created the connection course because
the same principles that apply in
coaching can be applied to relational
interactions in something like the
connection course. So if you're
interested in this kind of
transformation, I highly recommend doing
the courses first because it works
consistently for a lot of people.